Enh/kubeconfigs (#256)
gardener/test-infra: docs/testmachinery/GetStarted.md

#### Default
| Environment Variable Name        | Description           |
| ------------- |-------------|

> | TM_KUBECONFIG_PATH      | points to a directory containing all kubeconfig files (defaults to `/tmp/env/kubeconfig`). </br> The files contained in this dir depend on the concrete TestRun and can contain up to 3 files: <ul><li>_testmachinery.config_: the kubeconfig pointing to the testmachinery cluster</li><li>_host.config_: the kubeconfig pointing to the cluster hosting the gardener (not available for every Testrun)</li><li>_gardener.config_: the kubeconfig pointing to the gardener cluster created by TM (or predefined/given by a TestRun)</li><li>_seed.config_: the kubeconfig pointing to the seed cluster configured by TM (or predefined/given by a TestRun)</li><li>_shoot.config_: the kubeconfig pointing to the shoot cluster created by TM (or predefined/given by a TestRun)</li></ul>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TM_KUBECONFIG_PATH      | points to a directory containing all kubeconfig files (defaults to `/tmp/env/kubeconfig`). </br> The files contained in this dir depend on the concrete TestRun and can contain up to 5 files: <ul><li>_testmachinery.config_: the kubeconfig pointing to the testmachinery cluster</li><li>_host.config_: the kubeconfig pointing to the cluster hosting the gardener (not available for untrusted steps)</li><li>_gardener.config_: the kubeconfig pointing to the gardener cluster created by TM (or predefined/given by a TestRun, not available for untrusted steps)</li><li>_seed.config_: the kubeconfig pointing to the seed cluster configured by TM (or predefined/given by a TestRun, not available for untrusted steps)</li><li>_shoot.config_: the kubeconfig pointing to the shoot cluster created by TM (or predefined/given by a TestRun)</li></ul>|
```
